hey how's it going guys this is Dave 2d
and this is my video on the Nexus 5x and
the Nexus 6p so originally I was going
to split them up into two separate
videos one for each phone but then as I
use them I realize there just be better
quality content to make one video to tie
everything together so here it is my
Nexus 5x and 6p review let's do it
both of these are slightly bigger boxes
than past Nexus devices and when you pop
them open you get the devices themselves
a 15 watt charger and a charging cable
that has USB C on both ends the Nexus 6p
also comes with a short second cable so
this Cable has USB C on one end and a
standard USB a on the other end and they
also come with sim tools paperwork and a
90-day trial of Google music if you
haven't used it before okay so when
images of these phones were leaked on
the Internet
not gonna lie I didn't like them they
looked really different from anything
I've used before and the camera humps on
both of the phones they looks really
weird but after using them for a week
they've really grown on me I don't love
the hump on the 5x or that visor thing
on the 6p but doesn't bother being that
much anymore if you want to keep the
visor a little stealth go for the block
model it'll kind of hide it but if you
like white or silver phones you can
always get a skin for right dbrand
always makes good skins and you can get
like a matte white skin for that visor
it'll probably look pretty good the 5x
is made by LG it's made of plastic
smooth and hard finish we didn't get
soft touch this year but it feels really
well-made and it's durable so if you
have small hands or if you prefer a
smaller phone this might be a better fit
for you you can easily hold it in one
hand and for the most part you can kind
of use it in one hand as well the 6p is
made by Huawei and it's made from
aluminum it definitely feels and looks
more premium and has chamfered edges all
around it so it's really comfortable to
hold it's about a quarter inch smaller
and width then the Nexus 6 from last
year which always thought was a little
wide so most people will be able to hold
this phone in one hand but if you want
to use it one-handed you're going to
need some pretty big hands now going
around the devices on the left side they
both have a sim slot on the bottom they
both have USB C charging ports on the
right side we have volume rockers and
power buttons and the 6p has a text
power button which I always like and the
headphone jacks are on the top for the
6p and on the bottom for the 5x ok the
screens the 5x has a 1080p IPS panel
covered in Gorilla Glass 3 the 6p has a
quad HD AMOLED panel covered in Gorilla
Glass 4 so the 5x screen is pretty good
when you view it by itself it looks
really crisp colors are really accurate
and the viewing angles are really good
it's not super bright but overall it's a
really good quality screen but then you
compare to the 6p and this is a crazy
good screen it's a Samsung panel and the
default settings are a little
oversaturated but you put it into srgb
mode and it's a very color accurate
super-crispy screen it's bright and I
would put this on par with the note 5
screen maybe not as bright but you're
going to love this screen they both look
like they have front-facing stereo
speakers the 6p does sounds pretty good
just on as rich as HTC's boomsound but
the 5x is a mono speaker the top portion
is just an earpiece only the bottom one
is a speaker it sounds similar to the 6p
just a little quieter and obviously not
stereo ok let's talk about the camera
they both share the same camera 12
megapixel laser autofocus and for a
Nexus device the camera is superb photos
with good lighting are excellent photos
in dim light are pretty good the dynamic
range when it's really right isn't great
so for outdoor shots you get some
clipping on the whites and you lose some
detail it records 4k video at 30 frames
per second which looks really nice the
6p has better slow motion video at 240
frames per second instead of 120 on the
5x and the camera app feels a little
quicker on the 6p but the images between
the two are really similar visually I
prefer the photos from the note 5 or the
g4 on the iPhone 6s but the photos on
the 6p and the 5x are right up there
with like the best smartphone cameras
which is crazy right considering that
this is a Nexus device the front-facing
cameras are five megapixel on the 5x 8
megapixel on the 6p I know right I'm so
good-looking they both have fingerprint
sensors on the back cover and now it
seems oddly position at first but you
get used to it quickly and I'm at the
point where a prefer a fingerprint
sensor on the back you just get way
better grip on the phone as you unlock I
mean look at this grip you could slap
someone pretty good as you unlock the
phone but when you unlock a phone with
the front sensor mmm you know what I
mean like it works fine we've been using
it for years but it's just not as
natural of a grip
now one thing though if you get a
notification or if you want to do
something with the phone while it's
sitting on a table you got to pick it up
to unlock it right so you just got to
drill a hole in your table for your
finger okay so in terms of unlocking
speed I couldn't tell the difference
between the two they're both really
really fast and they seem to be faster
than the iPhone 6s which is already
super fast it's an excellent sensor and
really well integrated into marshmallow
speaking of which they're both running
stock Android 6.0 marshmallow which is
basically Google's vision of what the
true Android experience should be
there's no skin on the interface there's
no bloatware there's like very few
Google apps installed even I really like
it and the best part is you get updates
from Google really quickly like Nexus
devices get updates first so that's
always cool the 5x runs a Snapdragon 808
with 2 gigs of ram the 6p is running an
810 with 3 gigs of RAM now the 810 is I
mean it's a little faster it's an 8 core
instead of a 6 core there isn't a huge
difference but it's noticeable when you
run them side-by-side so the two
scenarios that I found with the most
obvious performance differences between
the phones is multitasking and the stock
camera app I mean multitasking it's a
little quicker on the 6p especially
switching between games and the camera
app is just a lot snappier on the 6p
it's quicker to load it scripted to
shoot but for the most part unless
you're comparing benchmarks or something
you're not going to get a huge
difference between the two battery life
is pretty good I'm easily getting a day
and a half of regular use on the 6p and
around a date on the 5x charging is done
with USB see now I know it's the future
but right now I don't have enough use PC
cables to make it like super convenient
but I'm close and I'll be worth it soon
now there's no wireless charging which
is a little bit of a bummer but the 15
more charges they include juice up the
phones pretty fast it takes about one
hour to charge the 5x and a little over
an hour and a half to charge the 6p so
it's not too bad ok let's do a recap
Nexus 5x plastic body solid build
quality it has a single front facing
speaker that sounds ok
the Nexus 6p more premium aluminum build
it's bigger it's heavier and it has
stereo speakers they're louder but they
still don't sound amazing 1080p screen
on the 5x it's pretty solid good colors
good viewing angles but not super bright
quad HD screen on the 6p fantastic
screen that's basically as good as the
one on the note 5 5 megapixel
front-facing camera on the 5 X 8
megapixel on the 6p a noticeable
difference in image quality between the
two if you care about selfies on the
back both of them have the same 12
megapixel camera excellent in daylight
very good in dim light just really solid
cameras there's also fingerprint sensors
back here that are super fast and on the
inside we have batteries that will last
you about a day on the 5x and a day and
a half on the 6p this is with regular
use a Snapdragon 808 in the 5x and an
810 in the 6p both are strong performers
and sufficient for any kind of
smartphone user except for the camera
app which is little slow on the 5x
storage is not expandable you start at
16 gigs for the 5x which running $380
and for the 6p storage starts at 32 gigs
which runs you $500 ok closing thoughts
there's a lot to like about both of
these phones but to me the start of the
show is the 6p if you're looking for an
Android phone and you don't need xpanel
storage this should be on the very top
of your shortlist or at least near the
top it's not the best phone in the world
I mean there's things that aren't
perfect about it but to me this is the
best Android phone of 2015
as for the 5x it's a good phone it's
actually a very good phone but if you
look it's overpriced by like 80 to maybe
even $100 if you paid an extra 20 bucks
you could get a Moto X pure and I feel
like you're getting a lot more phone for
the price unless you need a really small
phone because there's not that many 5.2
inch phones in 2015 if you're an Apple
user I mean it's difficult to leave the
Apple ecosystem I understand that but if
you're interested in giving it a shot I
think these two phones are the best
choices to try the Android experience
out with therefore one Google phones I
mean you have a good return policy with
Google you get a couple weeks to try it
out if you don't like it return it but
more importantly you get a super stock
Android experience and that to me is
most similar to like the whole stock
Apple
experience that's the end of the review
hope you guys liked it thumbs we did
subs if you loved it it's been nice I'll
see you guys next time